For me, I haven't seen the real thing grow.
How do you know this idea? It must be the news from somewhere.
I am worried about the information from the deputy general manager and chief organizer of Zhenlong Group.
I may have never met the chief weaver,
It’s just that I didn’t get up because I was a close associate of a big shot.
But you want to say something yellow,
The chief executive of Zhenlong Group emerged,
I simply don’t know the queen of the Qing Dynasty. You don’t even know that I am the Chief Weaver, yet you dare to be a big leader,
super. You can survive this.
Do you dare to call me a fool?
In broad daylight
I advise you to let go of old feelings
For your father's sake
I might even be able to ask for a favor on your behalf.
Gao Qiu, your son, Gao Qiu
Let the incest mother Wang Jianing
It’s a three-to-five plan
Kouya Zhongzhong
When I met Zhongmao, you came out
You think this building is occupied all day long
Did you get injured from an elevated position?
This cage powder is not my elevated world
Is it still strong as you said?
Your mother lives up to my great dignity.